Hello Freak bitches.
I found the need for everything to be conspiracy is a real problem.
It's a real problem for a lot of people that need to know that they're right
about things is a real problem.
You know the the not admitting that you don't really know part is a problem
because until you,
until I'm absolutely certain that what you're saying,
like I have to know when I'm talking to you.
If you say I'm absolutely 100% positive that if I liked this paper on fire,
it'll burn 100% if this is regular paper and I have a regular fire,
I'm 100% positive.
I have to,
if I have to hear you say if I have to know that that's how you really are
operating,
so if you're telling me it's 100% of the Kennedys drivers shot him,
dude,
it's 100% you watched the video,
it's 100% Kennedy's driver shot him or any,
any kind of crazy conspiracy like that.
As soon as you say,
you know for sure it's like God damn man.
It's a huge,
no,
for sure that it wasn't a plane and hit the Pentagon,
you know for sure.
How do you know for sure.
Right.
I agree with you completely.
You can't know for sure.
And if everyone agrees,
like I always get freaked out when like everybody agrees on everything.
I feel like I'm going to call it.
Yeah.
It gets,
it gets super culting bolts on both sides as being a skeptical person.
Like there's a lot of people that are skeptics that they'll look at things even
like operation Northwoods and they'll be like,
well that's just,
it didn't no big deal.
If they were planning on killing Americans,
they were going to RM Cuban friendlies and have them attack Guantanamo Bay
there.
We're trying to get us to go to war with Cuba and they were going to manipulate
us.
They were going to blow up a drone jet liner and blame it on Cuba.
So we'd be outraged.
We want to go over and kick Cuba's ass.
You it cost,
who knows?
Countless thousands of American lives for sure.
Cause we're,
you know,
you're talking about 1961 or two or whatever it was when they,
when Kennedy vetoed this shit,
it's signed by the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
They were really gonna do this.
Like anybody who doesn't look at that and get disturbed,
this is from the freedom of Information Act.
That's not a conspiracy.
The problem with the really wacky conspiracies,
like you know,
Kennedy's drivers shot him or you know the,
the goes deep as you want.
Yeah.
The really wacky ones distract from the real ones.
They mask it,
it makes it so nothing means anything.
Like Alex Jones was saying something fucking crazy today.
Like there's Jewish actors pretending to be Nazis in Charlottesville.
Like these guys had tattoos of swastikas on their chest.
It's not a fucking does not Jewish person cause you're not supposed to get
tattoos.
Right,
exactly.
It's not a fucking actor.
Once you tattoo a swastika on your chest that you're not acting anymore.
Right.
You've committed to a team.
Jesus Christ.
That's,
that's like one of the biggest steps I can possibly think of as a human being is
to go to a tattoo parlor.
And be like,
give me the fucking craziest one.
Yeah.